<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">

<concept id="installation" xml:lang="en-US">
	<title outputclass="hard-pagebreak">Dataset Installation</title>
	<conbody>
		<p otherprops="undocumented">This product update is compatible with <keyword
				keyref="productname"/> 11.0. </p>
		<p>You can download the dataset from the technical support web site <xref
				href="http://www.g1.com/support" scope="external" format="html"
					><ph>www.g1.com/support</ph></xref> or the eStore web site, if that is available
			to you. eStore is the fastest way to download data and software. Your Data Release
			Announcement provides the links for eStore.</p>
		<note>IMPORTANT: You will need to create an eStore New Customer account to complete your
			first download, even if you are an existing Pitney Bowes customer. There is no charge
			for creating an account on the eStore or electronically downloading a product for
			maintenance. On subsequent transactions you will only need your email and store password
			as an Existing Customer to complete the free download transaction. No payment
			information is required, unless you elect to optionally order backup physical media, in
			which case a fee of $19.99 will apply per order.<p>For each product update you wish to
				receive, click on the corresponding link. Clicking on each desired link will open a
				new browser and add that product to your eStore Shopping Cart. To view what is in
				the Shopping Cart click on the yellow Shopping Cart in the top right of the screen.
				The cost of each product should be set to $0 USD. When your Shopping Cart contains
				all of the products you wish to download, you may begin Checkout. If you want to
				purchase backup media for your monthly order for $19.99 USD you may add that to your
				Shopping Cart before clicking the Checkout button.</p></note>
	</conbody>
</concept>
