Using the MAPINFO\_MAPCATALOG {#using-the-mapinfo_mapcatalog .title .topictitle1}
=============================

<div class="body conbody">

The MAPINFO\_MAPCATALOG is a registry table for databases that stores
metadata about geometry tables in the database. Using the tablename and
ownername as the key, the MAPINFO\_MAPCATALOG identifies the geometry
column, geometry type, projection, projection bounds, and table and
feature level rendition information. The MAPINFO\_MAPCATALOG is used by
a number of MapInfo products, including MapInfo Pro, that access map
data from databases.

If a Map Catalog does not exist, it can be created during the upload
process when running EasyLoader. When using ODBC, EasyLoader will not
issue public grants, which must be done by other means. If you do not
have adequate permissions then creation will not succeed and the table
will not be uploaded.

After the table is uploaded, an entry is made in the
MAPINFO.MAPINFO\_MAPCATALOG to represent that table. A separate entry is
made for every table you upload.

If the table is made up of a single type of object, then the server
object type is restricted to that type, otherwise the type is ALL. Also,
the symbol clause generated is based on the server type. For example:
After uploading the table 'States.tab' the server type will be X.2
(polygons), where X is a number that represents either IDS, SQL Server,
or Oracle Spatial, and the symbol clause will have only the information
for a polygon.

<div class="note note">

<span class="notetitle">Note:</span> See also, [Loading Microsoft SQL
Server Spatial Data](contents/loadingsqlserverspatialdata.html){.-
.topic/xref .ajaxLink}.

</div>

</div>

<div class="related-links" functx="http://www.functx.com">

<div class="related-links-title">

</div>

-   **[MAPINFO\_MAPCATALOG Table
    Structure](contents/../contents/mapcatalogtablestructure.html){.-
    .topic/link .ajaxLink}**\

<div class="familylinks">

<div class="parentlink">

**Parent topic:** [Uploading Data with MapInfo
EasyLoader](contents/../contents/chapterintro.html){.- .topic/link
.ajaxLink}

</div>

</div>

</div>
