Server Table Processing Options {#server-table-processing-options .title .topictitle1}
===============================

`Exclusive User of Table`{.uicontrol} – You can significantly speed up load time on large tables if you know that you are the only one attempting to update or upload the table. If you do not select this option, EasyLoader verifies after each commit that no other updates are made to the table while it is being uploaded. Selecting this option prevents this test from occurring, which can improve runtime performance for large tables.

`Create Primary Key`{.uicontrol}
:   By selecting this check box, a primary key is created for the `Create New Table`{.uicontrol} and `Replace Existing Table`{.uicontrol} operations. This primary key is created in the column SW\_MEMBER for SpatialWare, MI\_PRINX for Oracle, or MI\_SQL\_REC\_NUM for XY and MICODE. These columns are sequential numbers that are generated by EasyLoader. These columns are always created, but do not have to be a primary key. For the Append To Existing Table operation, the primary key is not created.

`Grant Public Full Access to Table`{.uicontrol}
:   The PUBLIC is granted all access to the server table.

`Create Spatial Index`{.uicontrol}
:   By selecting this check box, a spatial index (called &lt;tablename&gt;ind) is created for the tables on the geometry column. You may also build your own spatial index to suit your specific needs. If you choose to do this, clear this check box to save loading time.
:   By selecting this check box, a spatial index (called &lt;tablename&gt;\_SX) is created for Oracle Spatial tables on the geometry column . The index tiling level is based on the SDO\_TUNE.ESTIMATE\_TILING\_LEVEL function. For tables with fewer than 7500 rows, the tiling level is restricted to 8. After the index is built the ANALYZE table function is run on the index table. The spatial index is R-Tree for Oracle 8.17 or later.

`Create IDENTITY Column (SQL Server only)`{.uicontrol}
:   Select this check box if you wish to create the primary key column (SW\_MEMBER) with IDENTITY properties. When this feature is in use, the primary key column values are generated automatically by SQL Server. You do not need to fill in the key manually when a new row is inserted.

`Create Indices on Other Columns`{.uicontrol}
:   Select this check box if you want to index additional columns when uploading a new table or replacing an existing table. By default this box is not selected.
:   When you select this check box and click `OK`{.uicontrol}, the table upload begins and Reset Index Columns dialog box displays.
:   The `Table Name`{.uicontrol} text box shows which server table is selected for indexing. The `Column List`{.uicontrol} shows each column followed by its data type. Select a check box to select that column for indexing on the server table. Clear a check box if you do not want to index that column.
:   

    <span class="notetitle">Note:`{.uicontrol} If the column name length is too long, the index creation fails. The limit to the size of the index name varies per database.

    

`Convert Date and Time columns to Datetime on the server`{.uicontrol}
:   This option is automatically handled by the software, with selects it when connected to a DBMS, such as Oracle and Access, that does not have date or time data types and unselects it for a DBMS, such as SQL Server Spatial or PostGIS, that has both date and time data types.

`Style Column`{.uicontrol}
:   This option allows you to specify whether per-row styles are loaded with the data. You can also specify the name of the column in the text box next to the `Style Column`{.uicontrol} check box. The default column name is MI\_STYLE.
:   

    <span class="notetitle">Note:`{.uicontrol} To load per-row styles, the MapInfo Map catalog for the database must contain the following columns: RENDITIONTYPE, RENDITIONCOLUMN, RENDITIONTABLE, and NUMBER\_ROWS. For more information, see [MAPINFO\_MAPCATALOG Table Structure](guide/mapcatalogtablestructure.html){.- .topic/xref .ajaxLink}.

    

`Commit Interval`{.uicontrol}
:   Use this option to specify a commit interval for uploading. EasyLoader commits the inserted records when the commit interval is reached. The default commit interval is 1000. If the commit interval is set to 0 (zero), the whole range of records is inserted as a single transaction, before a commit is issued.

`Schema`{.uicontrol}
:   Use this option to specify a schema to which you want to upload the table. This is valid for SQL Server 2005 servers and PostgresSQL/PostGIS.

